Hi
Oh, and good people, I do not have to talk.
the calango today has to taste face
Holy shit, are you alright to do?
video of the air did not know why the hell
But I finally do it again.
This point arrived because it hurts eye
It's okay, let me explain.
that with all the years in the head is
because yesterday I went to cut my hair and
fucking woman cut her hair wrong
I mean, I look like a paul if I
take it out of my head then
I'll probably use it from here until my
hair grow again because our'm
looking like a dick even pretending to be
Let's choose our
character here as good as I am the
years in the head and let's choose one
soldier with something on his head
Why are not you?
There's only one track I thought was shot.
with a cap, there's no soldier
who uses things on his head so let's go
choose here if this is perfect guys
It's very close to who our name is.
will be a vane banana in the lie
will be christians kabangu understood is a
punk with Christopher Columbus was
and to create my christ and good people today I
I will not play alone and I will do
video more video of the video but I go
play with you then for example in
twitter an easy yesterday at meal
will play and six in traipú not play
understood and I will also play a lot in
live I'll let you know on twitter
Let's continue on twitter to know
when you will get there and it is element
motherland country will learn to roll
playing in the race was made on copy open
lobby pvp the mobile got because I have
what to see by name is not for nothing
You need to stop beating at the same time.
halloween break our halloween
in our place in that same water that
It's the team how they attack me watering
Let's go beauty to those who come from one side of yours.
day 03 iphone pictures
I read n pedro f was a km
player ssf pedro people from the other side o
background on this other side
My god, we've got to get rid of it.
the girls look here is my team is very
Well, Pedro is your fuse labs idiot.
guilt I lost control that the tac
the one
I found the control and formula time color
Red or Shitake Hitting Beauty Time
I'm going to beat this fucking thing and vote it
hugged a meringue ae
You must stop playing the good guy.
Oops, we need to stop playing the good guy.
and shoot those suckers so let's go
mercilessly molecada ok accent is the first
the whore does not exist not only the
Sakura does not have time to stay yet
A little bit happy, you know just a little bit
I was on my team shows at
power assistance that I am and is
How is it to live these suckers that I did ?
I killed myself, it was not too bad, I thought
I was going to relive they seriously already know
These are man in the dark in a
Look at me, I fall in love with him. He kills me.
Do not kill me, watch the game.
It's not our bitch who said I'm a fuck.
I'm going up to the waterfall is connected to
Lango stay in the name of your
your underwear name what your mother gave to see
the so gave perhaps it does not need to stop
to curse the players you banished from
game one hour I'm lost in this game
here I need to learn to play
You who taught me lies, I'm
Fuck, fuck, matter, fucking
Back to our I dance burton if at
little teaching Benin was born the
chicken pie pané our train I 'm
talking nobody can with no calyx
is connected to one or the other is not stupid
mambo risk and daughter of a bitch
Now our team no good sucker
death fleeing death always reaches and
not a banana, no use running away from the oni
that this guy he could not escape from
death saw what I'm talking about not
go away do not xii badly done game
Did you see the faces my God said hello?
tava guys all this was a bitch
Take back your own pedro fc home
here I am and the kid is up
here's when you see a video of the
raccoon that face when you see a
calango video seen as cisco
changes the staff saw as well as the bikes in the
Back unec boy I'm going to enter inside
Coffin, look how personal this is that I
I call it digging the grave itself.
many people ask changes from
pomegranate then was going to kill a guy in the pistol
I speak I dance step in human doha
I finished the time and time the area of this type
only has tasty our allocated the chat team
a Cadet junior patent of ours that makes
one person ends the video here and
We like to watch a fan for
support the guys here in the description
first link to register for the game
then on the game site and register
you play with me
low also because I'll be there my
power to finally enroll in the channel
to buy the videos that this is worth
a kiss on the mouth
viola